feat(gsoc): add 2025 proposed project ideas (#7669)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/2024/index.adoc

---
layout: project
title: "Jenkins in Google Summer of Code 2024"
description: "Landing page for the Google Summer of Code program in the Jenkins project"
section: projects
tags:
- gsoc
sig: gsoc
opengraph:
  image: /images/gsoc/opengraph.png
links:
  gitter: "jenkinsci_gsoc-sig:gitter.im"
  meetings: "/projects/gsoc/#office-hours"
---

// image:/images/gsoc/jenkins-gsoc-logo_small.png[Jenkins GSoC, role=center, float=left]
link:https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/[Google Summer of Code]
(GSoC) is a global, online program focused on bringing students and new contributors into open source software development. GSoC Contributors work with an open source organization on a 12+ weeks-long programming project under the guidance of dedicated mentors.

GSoC contributors accepted into the program receive a stipend and are sponsored by Google, to work on well-defined projects to improve or enhance the Jenkins project.

> In exchange, numerous Jenkins community members volunteer as "mentors" for the selected GSoC contributors to help integrate them into the open source community and succeed in completing their projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In exchange, numerous Jenkins community members volunteer as "mentors" for the selected GSoC contributors to help integrate them into the open source community and successfully complete their projects.
```
